family family good morning I just
arrived in Malaga heaven itself at the
demonstration site and there are already people
okay well the truth is there are quite a few
people I turn around I'm going to
try to show you how the panorama is
look from here the success of the channel
okay as you can see as you can see no headquarters it will be
appreciated but the corner is quite
crowded with people okay I'm going to look for a
website where you keep my car I'm going to
sambar that I see around there because we have to
eat and I'm going to see for
an hour
yes
and I'm embarrassed
well family now I come okay
and I really think it was to get off
the waiter trembling in Huanca over there
what I've seen I've seen and abdomen to
Enrique what a great place falls what big
bank says Huanca that there is a garage there
next to the such I'm going to look for you farm I
could park the market but of course it will be
called with the market where I eat well
already as I eat later then it will be a
little stop to eat this is current
that I don't see the Chinese mercadona and I kept
the car and went into mercadona have something
and the service came in and the mercadona is
crowded with blue I don't know if you should know
okay there is the place there is the
demonstration site well family we are going to get
closer to the terrain okay we are going to
get closer to the terrain to see how
things are half put on your mask and let's get
to it I think it's time there are
ten minutes left but come on it
's time for everyone to be here let's
go there no ma'am it's that I'm
scared it's that writing
there there are a lot of people hello how are you
man it would be missing more and we don't know
things and we have to find out to
save less we find out about anything what is
going on there are
people pointing failed rats
or I go over there to give her a kiss here there are
gentlemen and full throttle
sir I hurt full throttle
[Music]
[Applause]
for
[Applause] I
think Enrique is there Enrique Enrique how
fed up with the mother who
gave birth to you
[Music]
I was left
[Applause] right now
we have also had that the
concentration be the silence explained
that evidently we are not going to be all
silent because it is not  will be able to but as
much as possible
and without talking too much because we do a lot of whatever
but that's it, we're
not going to provoke
anyone please if someone comes and
says anything to us with the intention of
provoking or breaking up this
rally that we launched and it has
cost a lot of work in demonstrating to
the Flores family that we love him and that we
support him
then please I ask you if there is
someone who wants to break up the
rally because we don't pay attention
let's name what they are these
masters Flores Moreno and they have
shown me a humility or a
simplicity of not having provocation of
respect and we are going to continue along the same
line please I ask you if there is
someone who comes to say something where
we have turned around and we don't pay attention to him
okay well there have been many
comments
what's going on she showed me during the day
as Javier says it went
well
I had arranged to meet with her I didn't have
everything she gave me a little bit she will even appear
by actions I don't know they
say yes it would not be
good yes it would be a great point
the lady from the neighborhood and she is taking me
well the single is
waiting for you enough support I
don't have even  idea I
came
to
greet the people
but it doesn't cross
my mind being surprised but
here in person
[Laughter]
I wouldn't be too strange to you
but no loss sorry to a lady who
on YouTube
would be a little strange
and dances like Anton and is going to come as a cuckoo
for each neighbor I would grab but she's already getting
ahead of me people are going to have a
hard time getting there but anyway let's go let's
go with Antonio David
was life
I
like it a lot
well let's see what let's see
how Antonio receives I'm going to try I'm going to
try for you to see as much as possible
okay
but it's complicated
[Music]
that receives
from foundations gentlemen there we have inside
the vine up very excited
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
to the sea
and
well let's follow the protagonist who
was difficult to see no but we
go can you say hello ole ole that that's
luck appear and parked good luck
too
where are you coming
from here from Malaga from Benalmadena from
Valencia from Valencia
week
[Music]
where are those from Telecinco but the  they're
looking for the camera we're
[Music]
this lady says where are the people
from Telecinco and I'm telling her that
they're looking for the camera
it's
great to see an
emotional hug emotional hug to the green
all the demolished or all the mess we've
made
[Music]
nothing I want to start at the beginning of the
beginning of the next okay the
first words I wanted was to
dedicate them to now yes I am youtube
apart from pierre to dedicate it to my
colleagues and friends no because maybe without
them none of this would have been possible
and my father said that it's about being
well born to be grateful therefore you
're not alone therefore I want to try
the thanks to the devils but the
public thanks to first a person who
is not here I miss
you all of you know him
through social networks twitter and
youtube who is the lapidary
that we were talking about yesterday and no he
couldn't come and I have him in mind and it's
as if he were here with us
then a journalist with everything that
the word journalist means the ethics
and the professionalism of albert domnech
who is here is I am very grateful
very  Thank you for your analysis,
for your
sensible,
impartial,
objective way of
showing people that there
are still journalists who
continue with that ethic and have not
abandoned
what they were taught at university and have
not become
mercenaries of show business and television.
I appreciate each and every one of those
videos that
you make, representing the vanguard
of a newspaper like La Vanguardia.
Thank you for being here to read from the bottom of my
heart. Thank you. I also appreciate the
presence of you. I
have to introduce you because you
know you all, I mean, you have a
ton of followers, a ton of
subscribers from that whole blue tide that
watches you. And sincerely, I feel
proud to share with you all
this moment,
from the support and the dissemination that you
give to each of the topics and what
is happening to us. And from there, you
can say that for me this
was something unthinkable, that all the support
that there is on social networks through the
Blue Tide movement,
a small part of
which has been able to move from a
lot of points in Spain, coming from
Tenerife, coming from Chipiona,
coming from Granada, coming  from
Valencia who come from Cordoba
who come from Barcelona
from Santander from all over
Spain,
from Mallorca, well, I'm also grateful that they
've abandoned their duties, that they
've left their families, that they've come
here
and of course, of course,
and to make people see that there's a
lot of this, this movement, they
take it as a joke,
that this is no joke at all, that there are
many people who through
social networks and today they come here to say
that enough is enough,
prepare the harassment, in this case it happened
to me, it happened to my family, but
we're already seeing that for a long
time the tone of the television factory,
then those who pointed directly
not to others but to them, they are the ones who, in order to
make television and to gain audience data, have been
destroying families and causing harm for a long time now, they have
really forgotten what
entertainment was, what fun was,
and the people, the public, those who gave them an
audience
have said, up to here, we don't want this
type of television, we do
n't want this harassment, we have another type
of television
and it is demonstrated with the
audience data, the city had
1819 months and now they are at 13,100  14 I do
n't know
and then also in the end all this is
needed that you are already seeing to do damage
because in this case they
have pointed me out as
an abuser
when
[Music]
when as you well know there have been
three initial moments in which they have said
that there
are no indications that can prove
absolutely anything of what is to me woman
at the time told through a
documentary that the television factory
bought her for the money that it was created the
same
devastating causing harm to a family
and based according to them on
documentation that this documentation as you
all know makes documentation
that has been provided on the day
[Music]
to prove absolutely
absolutely nothing from
there you all know everything
that has happened all that damage all that
destruction to my house to my family
what it means
this is not the
truth
and the room
what it means past the shame
of being fired from a
television program with two million and some
people who are
publicly watching to subject yourself to that to that
shame
and that people you have seen it
as an injustice from then on
many things have happened  as you all
know and the damage they have caused
is obvious that when
people gather in
one place and come to say something they must
send a message sending that message to
the corresponding people it is
clear that the corresponding people
at the moment I am still waiting to hear from
them
but but something is clear and
we have the power when
we decide with the television remote control to
put on one channel or another channel and
make the advertisers see it, the
publicists who are the ones who pay the
money for those channels so that
those programs continue working
but we do not agree with what they
are doing we do not agree with
the harassment there are sentences
[Music] there
are many
documents such as
how the national market commission
in children's time Slvame has broadcast
content that could not be done it
could not broadcast that type of
content because there are children who are
watching television at 5 in the afternoon
and it was wild and destructive content
for kids who are watching
television
the television factory ignores all of that
because it does not
matter at all they have so much money that the
sanctions are also extractive they do not care they do not care
after  the payments are
fine but the strength that
we have is precisely to rebel and
reveal ourselves to
make them see that this is not the way it
is nonsense what they are doing
because now in this case it was my turn in
my family
but tomorrow it will be the turn of any of us who
are here
and I would like that message to get across that
our children do not
need to watch content on
television that they do not have to watch it
at a time that is supposed to be
protected and that they skip the
rules bullfighting they do not care at all that
is abuse we do
not want this type of television we do not
want that type of programs we do not
want the damage
to the family so that later there are two
people who are the owners of the
production company of the television factories to
enrich themselves in this way with this
brutal heritage that they have that there are
colleagues who for me have been
colleagues who suddenly
change their jackets
from one day to the next because of some directives so
as not to lose their jobs that
is abuse abuse of authority and it ends up
manipulating the audience it ends up
deceiving people and
it ends up turning all of this into a farce and
selling smoke
and we are tired of being sold
as we are tired of being
hurt and we are tired of the harassment
that my family is receiving I have always
said it recently I made a
statement that did not come out anywhere
but to ask please that since I have been in
this for 25 years that in the end they attack me
because I can defend myself and I can
attack that I have not attacked yet
because to attack in the end you have to
have and forgive me the expression a
very clean ass and no one has a clean ass
so
[Music]
[Applause]
really shoot me but
please I ask that they leave my children aside, that they leave
Olga aside, that they leave
our entire family aside because they
have absolutely nothing to do with
this this is a personal war between
the television factory and those responsible
against me
because I denounced them for an unfair dismissal
where there is a sentence where a judge
has explained very well everything that has
happened, the harassment to which I have felt
subjected
and from there I believe that
we are the ones who have the the
strength to tell them through  the
audience doesn't want to watch slvame we don't
want to watch our program we don't
need that type of content on
televisa there's something there's something that I think
has caught them off guard
as well since they talk about that phrase and that is that they
think that we
continue in the 80s and that at the
time there were three television channels
then all this was expanded
we have to think that we could watch
television through pay but now
who could think
of normal and ordinary people with
more or less education had the
possibility of having
a window that the internet offered us
through youtube
and being able to tell things as they are
happening and being able to really give a voice to
people and it has caught them
off guard they
don't refer to us they don't broadcast
our videos on television because
they are not interested because they continue to
keep silent all those
people who are against that
system against that way of making
television against making that
journalism and they have us all
silenced if they were so brave
perhaps they would not give us all a voice and that
the public would also be on television
with two million and some youtube viewers they do
not agree with what they are
doing and what they do is give a voice
to the people who are precisely the ones who
give them the audience, having
clarified this, I sincerely thank you
all for being here, it was unthinkable
for me
but this movement will be celebrated in
this way and with all the people who have
come from so many places, thank
you again for
helping by giving a voice to
all of those people who are on the
networks and who are watching us right now
live.
If among the 56 YouTubers who were
here
we count the people who are
live, perhaps today we
would have more audiences than
socialites, we would
pass two and a half million
people and it just so happens that those two
million people who are
watching us, the 45 YouTube channels that we
are broadcasting live, are
interested in what we are saying, they are
interested in people knowing that
we do not agree with what they are
doing, enough of the abuse, enough
of the harassment of families, that
another type of television can be made and
that there are many more
television producers and that there are many other
formats of television and
entertainment, so I thank you
all from the bottom of my heart, truly  that you are
here the
premiere I debut in this first
live
and grateful from the bottom of my heart to all those
who are there now
I would like to take pictures with you
I would like you to have a
beer somewhere for
a while with you whoever we
want we were all together
guys enjoying a strong model
thanks fundamental and what perhaps I would
like to do more review
in the first time the first time that there is
a concentration
of the world of the heart of the pink press
never came out something like this arid movement
where people have taken to the streets in
protest for other types of things with another
type of movement but in life
something like this has happened the first time that
people concentrate criticizing the
behavior and the attitude of a
television program and of a
production company so desired so
after seeing that we are all here
together
and what is happening and this
concentration
while the thank yous already thank you and the
thank yous from the heart
the
others
[Music]
how great I am going to get some air
family I don't know if I do
n't know even if to stop a little because there is here
what is doing here
what do you think
of that
if now
nice message to the people
but the people nice message from the people
in case someone  don't know
[Applause]
ma'am please let me go sir ma'am please give me
please you get here
heat
[Music]
what a beautiful message that you are giving the
people who are sleepy in case you don't
know the anatomy of the human body
thank you for everything
thank you very much for the support thank you
very much to everyone really where is
life we are
going to try to lead it
please
I think it has passed I
think it is a very beautiful message
from the people to remember anatomy
of the human body
patio forms we bathed that this
thing that is still here passes it is that I
came from Madrid and just
increase for a moment
[Music]
thank you very much
[Applause] there
are surprises there are surprises still
accompanying me to put the shade that I am
going to have a fainting spell
the love to my companions but
things were not too bad
things were not complicated either I mean I don't know if that
has much merit that they were from Huanca in
what grandeur wang to fall or of the whole
demonstration
that is thinking about the beer
we have to leave
and
family
we are here the four of us I don't know if we will be
able corners  Here to the people but as it is
complicated enough
[Music]